+++
date = "2025-05-21"
title = "21.05.25"
themes = []
+++

The evening sun does lazy glance - a side
Glance dragging all the outside world through the
Old sagging glass, which through it brushes wide,
Into acrylic peaks and dimples painterly.

The world is washed in veiled light's malaise,
The shadows of a broad humanity,
Find archetypes so deep within a phrase,
An integrated loss beside a triumph lofty.

The spatter of a dying amber lines
The gold. And starkly in the setting sun,
A play, a dance of melody, the games,
Too dear to be confined to meagre words.
21.05.25

---

Decent shift of work - lots of flashcards
Hertford CU social
Dinner and drumming
Philharmonic orchestra
Tour hertford for ester
Pub with Rachel and Amelie
Then Rachel's friend from Exeter arrived and talked while walking them back to Somerville
Then crazy Bod card fever dream:
Bod card decided 00:15 was a lovely time to work on everything apart from my room. Tested on kitchen and stairwell to be sure.
Went to plodge they checked for a while and found nothing.
Went back still no, so I called them
They came along confirmed it wasn't battery and got me to sign my bod card (which I did poorly since my black wouldn't work and the blue was still bad)
Then I got changed and was doing my teeth when he came back calling out Cah-leb, Cah-leb. Unfortunately, my toothpaste was still in my mouth.
He unlocked my door with my now working bod card, opened it, and got me to also try the card to verify all while I couldn't speak because of the toothpaste.
Then he smiled and left.
(Then I told the whole story to Rachel)

---

22.05.2025 01:00

tags: #personal
links: [[poems]]
