+++
date = "2023-10-13"
title = "13.10.23"
themes = ["praise", "walking", "nature"]
[params]
  type = 'poem'
  pageKey = 'src/poem.js'
+++
{{< poem >}}
_Intro_

Come, walk in the rain with me,
Don't you know the Lord is near,
My heart burns within me,
And I am alive.

_Walking_

The colours striking at my soul,
So vibrant in their passing by,
The light transfigured in my eyes,
The splendor on the leaves and grass,
Glorious.

_A praise_

Blessed morning dew,
I lift my eyes to you,
In the rain and storms that brew,
I fix my eyes on you.

Faithful,
You are Faithful,
When I wake you're always there,
When I rest you will remain.

_Walking_

The rain is wide and fills the air,
To silence I am called to walk,
He's with me in the pressing rain,
And wisdom calls for fear of God.

_The Grey Meadow_

Washed in greys and sombre nights,
Great skies above in broken might,
The colours stripped but hardly bleak,
They cry for justice in the rain,

Trees in sackcloth, mourning clouds,
They call for lowly ponderance,
For noble beauty reconciled,
For holiness in open fields.

_Walking_

The bright is caught in puddles thin,
And scattered to the plucking rain,
What grace is this that I can feel,
What it is to be.

_What it is to be_

What it is to be,
That you knit and know me,
Loved me from when you thought of me,
Predestined me for fullness of life,

That I would know what it is to dance, 
That I would know what it is to walk,
To see, to smell, to touch, to hear,
To taste your goodness in the rain.

_Outro_

And as I peek at passing time,
I'm tugged to rush in dripping rain,
Yet you remain.
And calm my heart before it burns again,

I know that you will make a way,
For I am walking in the rain with you,
And so I find a delayed train,
What providence you walk me through!
{{< /poem >}}